Migrate SQL docs (#521)
redpanda-data/cloud-docs: modules/reference/pages/sql/sql-functions/other-functions/current-database.adoc

= current_database()
:description: The link:https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/functions-info.html#FUNCTIONS-INFO-SESSION[current_database()^] is a session information function that
:page-topic-type: reference

The link:https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/functions-info.html#FUNCTIONS-INFO-SESSION[current_database()^] is a session information function that returns the current database’s name.

== Syntax

The syntax for`current_database()` function is as follows:

[source,sql]
----
SELECT current_database();
----

== Example

> The following example obtains the name of the currently connected database:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to obtain the name of the currently connected database:
```

[source,sql]
----
SELECT current_database();
----

> This query returns the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This query returns the output:
```
